---
title: "Actual English 7 - Middle and High School"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ354x7ZLVthCR9e0yYEr0JKFy7TeV97d44V)

W: Peter I heard you were such a partier in your middle school and high school years.

M: I want to know where you got this information from. I did like to **indulge in** a little bit of social activity, throughout my middle and high school years. That’s called secondary school in the UK, actually. But I did study as well. I was a good student, but on the weekends I liked to **let my hair down** for sure. Rachel, you seem like you would have been a little bit of a **goody two-shoes**. Like, **a straight A student**.

> to indulge in something       to do something habitually; take pleasure in doing something

> to let one’s hair down    (to relax and enjoy yourself without worrying about what other’s will think)

> goody two-shoes (goody-goody) 

W: I was. During my teenage years, I was studious but, I was able to **balance my friends and fun life** with also my school life. So I was pretty good at just finding a **middle ground** between the two.

> balance A and B / balance A with B       (to do a and b equally)

> middle ground    (a position of compromise; something that two people or groups that are arguing can agree about)

M: Sure, balance is key.

W: Exactly, and I wasn’t this **straightedged**, stereotypical Asian student. I wasn’t. I really liked to play sports and I really liked to spend time with my friends and study at the same time because I knew grades were important.

> straightedge       (a commitment never to drink, smoke or do drugs / ruler)

M: Sure. Definitely with Asian parents, you get that **drummed into you. Right, the grades are important. But I’m curious, do you still keep in touch with people that you went to middle school with?

> drum something into someone    (drum into someone’s head – to teach someone something intensely)

W: I do, because my town is so small, my best friend since elementary school lives right next door to me. So even though I don’t get to see her for long periods of times, when I do see her it seems like we just pick up from where we left off. So, it’s really nice.

M: That is fantastic.

W: Did you have a **rebellion stage** in middle and high school? During **puberty**?

> rebellion / rebellious stage    (a stage in puberty in which students are uncontrollable)

M: Yeah, not to anyone else, but I feel sorry to my parents like I was very horrible to them at times because I was angry. But I want to forget about that, and about high school and those exams for university. They were so stressful.

W: So glad it’s over.


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZN54x7ZEzwOKXIYDwYFhI4UT8Hna8F99RM7)

(Actual Interview Question: What were you like in your teens?)

When I was a teenager, I was having a really hard time. Like other teenagers, I was going through puberty.

So, I started to think about my future and my career and my life as a whole.

And I had to think about going to school because…

it’s not because I didn’t like to study really hard, but because I didn’t really know the concept of studying really hard to be successful.

Because I didn’t really like (the fact that) my parents control myself, and also (were) always on my back to study.

So I started to talk back. And it wasn’t really a great picture. And when I look back on my childhood, and also my teenage hood, I regret a lot, regret a lot of things.

I should’ve studied harder and should’ve made a lot of friends, because I was the one who sat back in classroom and didn’t focus on studying in class.

And I was a bad student. So if I could go back, I would study harder and made good friends.
