---
title: "Actual English 4 - Age"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZhELx7ZzrOM3CUR7uYvKtGOWEB515bL9Oek)

M: Rachel, I’ve got to tell you something. I’m quite angry with you. I recently had a **big birthday**.

> big birthday: an important birthday

W: How old did you turn?

M: I turned the **big 3-0**.

> the big 3-0: thirty years old

W: Wow! The 3-0.

M: That’s not a “wow”, that’s an “oh no”. Disaster

W: Well, **happy belated birthday** anyway.
> “Happy belated birthday!” = “Happy late birthday!”

> belated [adj. bih-ley-tid]: late, delayed

M: Thank You. At last. **Better late than never**.
> better late than never: it is good this happened now although it should have happened sooner

W: I’m sorry. Do you feel different now that you’re thirty?

M: I didn’t even think about it until the day, and then my wife kept saying “you’re thirty. How does it feel?” I was like, “it’s fine”, but she kept saying it and I was like “oh my goodness. Yeah, I’m thirty”. That’s not a great feeling.

W: What were you like in your twenties?

M: My twenties? It was a **decade of change**, I think. The start of it; single, going to university. The end of it; married with a baby.
> decade [n. dek-eyd]: a period of ten years

> a decade of change = ten years of a lot of changes

W: Wow! Lots of changes.

M: Big contrast. How old are you Rachel?

W: I am 26, so mid-twenties. I’m only four years younger than you.

M: That’s a big four years.

M: What were you like when you were a teenager?

W: When I was a teenager? I was really **carefree**, because my only responsibility was to be a student, right? And I was really into sports so I was really competitive.

> carefree [adj. kair-free]: without worry or responsibility

M: What kind of sports did you do?

W: I did field hockey, softball and also volleyball. Did you play sports in your teenage years?

M: Yeah, I’m a massive fan of football. Well in North America, you call it soccer. Yes, but the one you actually play with your feet, football. I’m a massive, passionate fan of football and I played a lot when I was younger.

W: You still play?

M: I’m thinking about retiring now that I have a baby. Thirties, twenties, teens, it’s just a number right? Age is what you make it.

W: Exactly.

## Actual Interview
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZjELx7ZRClmAaM82J8NSlU3qKmJIjn0nJRk)

(Interview: Talk about your age – what you were like in your teenage years, your 20s, 30s, 40s and so on)

My age? My age… maybe I forgot. **Let’s just say** I’m not young and I’m not old, but I’m still young at heart.

Anyway, let’s see. In my teenage years, I was actually rather focused – focused on education of course, and enjoying life.

In my twenties, I was out kind of exploring the world, learning who I was.

In my thirties, I focused on growing my career.

And in my forties, I’m just enjoying life and really still feel like I’m just getting started, but I’m looking forward to the adventure.
