---
title: "Actual English 6 - Elementary School"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZOk4x7Z6YvJ6L9E0WhIBespdABHoba1jyJy)

W: Peter! I saw a picture of your baby boy, and he looks very much like you **physically**.

> physically / appearance / looks 

M: He’s very chubby Rachel, what are you trying to say?

W: No, not the chubby part, but his eyes and his nose and his mouth.

M: Yeah, I think physically he’s similar to me but like **emotional-wis**e and **personality-wise** he’s quite different.

> appearance-wise / looks-wise 

W: What were you like when you were younger?

M: When I first went to elementary school, we called it primary school in the UK, I cried so much that first day. I was a really shy kid.

W: Were you a *mama’s boy?

M: I was a big time mama’s boy. I’m an only child, and I didn’t like to disturb anyone or anything like that, but Geeho, he likes shouting and screaming and getting everyone’s attention. So I think emotionally we‘re very different. But at primary school, it’s really tough to make friends if you’re really shy.

> mother's boy / mummy's boy / mama's boy : a man who is excessively attached to his mother at an age.
> father’s girl / papa’s girl

W: That’s true.

M: Did you have the same problem at all?

W: I think when you have older siblings you end up learning how to talk quicker and your vocabulary grows faster. So I was very talkative but I did cry a lot like you, too. I was a crybaby and it was because I always wanted to be with my mom.

M: And you being the youngest, as well.

W: I think so. Every time my mom left me with another family member I would just cry, cry and cry. So I was really disliked by many of my family members.

M: Well, I really hope **for Geeho’s sake** that he’s not like us. I hope he doesn’t cry so much when he first goes to school.

> For the sake of someone / something: for the purpose or benefit of someone or something
> for one’s sake: for one’s good

W: I hope so, too. Do you think he is very similar to your wife then?

M: He’s got **half-half** and I think that is great for kids… to take a bit from each parent. Nobody’s perfect.

> half-half / half and half: half A and half B       a mixture of half cream and half milk
> fifty-fifty: divided in two equal parts or portions; being equally likely or unlikely


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZIk4x7ZfCn6kq7v5ohmoH5I8zbpEhsSQWDy)

(Actual Interview Question: What were you like when you were little?)

Well, I can’t really recall my childhood because it was a long, long time ago. But from what I remember, I was wild and also very independent.

I was a teacher’s pet. (someone who is greatly favored by a teacher – takes a lot of work to become one)

I was spoiled and I kind of bullied other students.
