---
title: "Actual English 18 - Favorite Food"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZR4Ox7ZFEXp5xft3NR96pI1wzOQ1XCzXCAX)

M: Speaking of cooking, what are your favorite restaurants?

W: I don’t have a **particular** favorite restaurant, but I love eating meat. Anything to do with meat, I’m sold.

> particular: [per-tik-yuh-ler, puh-tik-] syn. specific, special (distinct – particular implies attention to details)

M: So you’re not a fruits and vegetables type of girl?

W: I love a good fruit salad as well, but I have to have a piece of meat on the table every single meal. If it’s not red meat, it has to be fish. If it’s not fish, it has to be chicken. So anything meaty has to be on the table (at) every single meal.

M: Portobello mushrooms can be very meaty.

W: Oh no, no. It’s not the same. I have to have a good piece of meat. You look like you could throw a good barbecue.

M: I love barbecuing, and I like to go to my friend’s house who’s barbecuing some bratwurst, (also known as ‘brat’ in English – sausage composed of veal, pork or beef) or some corn on the cob (corn stick, butter pop, pole corn – cooked corn) and things like that. But I had a favorite restaurant back in Minneapolis. It was called Bucca Little Italy. And it’s family style Italian. They don’t give you each a plate. They give you one huge platter in the center and you share. That’s the way you would eat in a family in Italy. So, it’s a really fun experience. I haven’t been there in years though.

W: Oh, nice. You should let me know where it is. I think I’d enjoy it.

M: What about you, do you get out to restaurants much?

W: In Korea, yes. They have a lot of good Korean barbecue grill places. So if it’s not **pork belly**, it’s red meat… and the **marbling** on the steaks, they just melt in your mouth.

> pork belly: [pohrk-bel-ee] (boneless cut of fatty meat from the belly of a pig)

> marbling: [mahr-bling] (the appearance like that of marble – intermixture of fat with lean in a cut of meat)

M: You’re making me hungry now. Let’s go hit one of the restaurants.


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZS4Ox7Z6JQVpkDqEHQYHEdaJiDb2BrJnfXy)
(Actual Interview Question: Tell us about your favorite food.)

My favorite foods are definitely, by far, spicy foods. So, anything that’s bad for you, anything that’s unhealthy… I love eating spicy food. So I think being in Korea is really great for me because, of course, Korea has many (kinds of) spicy foods to offer. But, at the same time, it´s not very healthy to eat spicy food all the time. So I do love going out to all these different restaurants and I love Korean seafood, like jookoomi. Spicy jookoomi is really great or eating kimchee stew, in the winter… that´s really amazing, too. So I love going out to eat and I love eating spicy foods with my friends who always complain that the food is too spicy. I try to cook at home sometimes, these spicy foods, but I think it´s good to vary going in and going out to eat.

Next time, let’s learn ways to talk about Eating In & Eating Out!
