---
title: "Actual English 11 – Sleeping Habits"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZgDQx7Z0gytVQUJE55sRMvNn0gRgf8Dk72k)

W: Oh gosh, Peter, you look more tired than usual. What’s going on?

M: I haven’t got (gotten) a lot of sleep lately. **“Ah, to sleep, perchance to dream…”** Well… having babies.

> (“To sleep, perchance to dream” is a famous quote from the play, HAMLET – in the “To be or not to be” speech.

> “to sleep” means to ‘die’.

> “perchance (perhaps; possibly) to dream” means ‘the possibility of an afterlife’.

W: You’re a bit of a night owl, aren't you?

M: Normally, I’m a night owl, but the kids like to get up very early. And, you know, after they finally go to bed, then we start to make dinner and prepare for the next day.

W: Oh, that’s nice. On **the off chance** you get to go to bed, do you dream usually?

> off chance: a slight chance

M: I don’t often remember my dreams. The only time I really remember them is when I take a nap in the afternoon, which is rare.

W: Oh, a **siesta**? I think ten minute naps are good, but once it **hits that 30 minute mark**, I tend to get **groggy** when I get up.

> siesta: a rest or nap after a midday meal

> hit the something mark: to reach a certain point or level

> groggy: grog-ee  (dazed & weakened – from lack of sleep)  syn. sluggish, lethargic

M: Well, maybe you can control your dreams.

W: If I could, I’d love to. But, yeah I don't get to sleep much these days; I’ve got too much work going on.

M: Do you have insomnia as well?

W: I have developed insomnia, because of my sleeping habits. I don’t get to bed at the same time each day. Um, any recommendations for any good natural cures for insomnia?

> insomnia: in-som-nee-uh  (inability to fall asleep) syn. sleeplessness

M: Some people say some warm milk, or just getting some exercise and sunlight during the day will help you.

W: That’s all good, but I think getting to bed at the same time each day would be the best.

M: Yeah, I can’t wait to go to bed tonight.



## Actual Story

[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZu1Qx7ZhVwpN3E68WyStXFzDEDOQSMCftX0)

(Actual Interview Question: Talk about your sleeping habits.)

At night, I tend to be a **restless** sleeper.

> restless: unable to rest or relax as a result of anxiety or boredom.

I don’t really get a good night’s rest. I’m not sure why, but ever since I can remember I would **toss and turn** a lot at night.

> toss and turn: to move around restlessly while sleeping or trying to sleep:

I DO know that when I exercise, however, I do get much better sleep at night. I sleep like a baby at those times. Some other sleeping habits that I have, I tend to sleep or go to bed early.

Um, around ten o’clock my eyes start getting **drowsy** and groggy and I’m usually in bed by eleven and in that sense, I’m more of an early bird rather than a night owl.

> drowsy: sleepy and lethargic; half asleep.

I like to wake up early in the morning because I believe that the early bird gets the worm. But other than that, I am not a very deep sleeper so I need to find more ways where I can get a good night’s rest.
