---
title: "Actual English 13 - Childhood Habits"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZlTQx7ZJXlrAvJkYAQPy2REJETHGz0YnT9X)

M: When you were a kid, were you afraid of monsters in the closet or under the bed?

W: I was afraid of monsters. I’m afraid of ghosts, (I) still am.

M: I never had that fear. I do remember that there were some trees outside the window that made a shadow that looked like a scary clown.

W: Oh, I used to be afraid of clowns, too. My parents took me to the circus and this clown came up to me and I started crying. And since then, clowns tend to give off a scary feel to me. They’re not fun at all.

M: Did you have to keep the closet door closed or anything?

W: I don’t think I did, but my mom tended to scan the room before she put me to bed.

M: What about other childhood habits?

W: Oh, I used to bite my fingernails.

M: Do you still?

W: I don’t. No, I think I stopped naturally when I got a little older. Yeah, but that was a bad habit of mine. I also used to walk like a duck. So, I used to have those kinds of habits. I think I’ve dropped them now.

> I’ve dropped (the habit of) ~ now.

M: I was a very active kid so I kind of walked on the balls of my feet. So I bounced when I walked. But luckily I learned to dance later and then I was very smooth.

W: Oh, what sort of dancing do you do?

M: I taught ballroom and Latin when I was young.

W: Latin dancing. How romantic!


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZdTQx7ZXNVhUIAsTgBoOBmn7qjTdX9LidwV)

(Actual Interview Question: Talk about your sleeping habits.)

When I was a child, I cried a lot and I think this is because I was the youngest of two daughters and I was a mama’s girl so I couldn’t be separated from her but at the same time I was also very independent and responsible. When I was hanging out with my friends I was the one to be very cautious, “Oh, be careful” or “I’ll do it for you” so in that sense I was also very independent.
I was a tomboy. I loved to play outside with the boys with the girls. I had a lot of kids in my neighborhood so we always hung out, playing kicked ball or we had a forest in the back so we went hiking a lot. And I was generally a really happy kid except for the crying part, when I wasn’t with my mom. But other than that, I was a good kid, too. I liked everything from reading to playing to watching TV and I would say I had a really good childhood. Other habits that I had, I wasn’t a picky eater, I ate everything that my mom gave me, I drank all the milk I was supposed to drink. And I would say I was a good and easy kid for my parents to raise.
