---
title: "Acutal English 1 - Workplace"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

Actual Talk!

[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ2fLx7Zg0VgPNxbwSXcd9lb0A2hy0r2s5Ok)

M: Hey Rachel, how are you?

W: I’m good but I’m a bit nervous

M: Why?

W: Because I’m starting at a new company in a couple of days, but I don’t really know how to introduce myself to a new group of people.

M: The first day at a company is **nerve-racking**, right? You meet so many new faces and they all know each other as well. That is even worse.
> *nerve-racking [adj. nurv-rak-ing]: stressful, exhausting

M: But there are some things you should do on your first day.

W: I’d love some advice.

M: Ok. A firm handshake, that is key, to project confidence, but not too hard, you don’t want to hurt the other person, but not too flimsy as well. I hate a wet flimsy handshake. So if you are feeling nervous and sweaty, perhaps give your hand a wipe as well.

firm: not soft; solid, hard, tight

key: important, crucial, vital

*project [v. pruh-jekt]: to give or express a clear impression of one’s thoughts or personality; make an image

flimsy [adj. flim-zee]: weak, without strength, unstable

W: Oh, like a handkerchief in my pocket or something.

M: Yeah, absolutely. If you don’t have that, just go to the back of your skirt or trousers.

W: No, that’s a great idea.

M: Because when it’s a sweaty hand…

W: Clammy hands.

M: They are going to call you clammy hands at the company.

clammy [adj. klam-ee]: cold and damp, covered with moisture; wet, sweaty

clammy hands: (a person with) sweaty hands

W: Alright, so a firm handshake is really important.

M: And then eye contact as well. And a big smile, I think that always helps, it makes people feel much more comfortable.

W: Yeah that’s true, that definitely will leave a great first impression.

M: As long as you don’t have something stuck in your teeth. Again, check.

W: I’ll have to get a mirror and check my teeth. That’s for sure. Alright so you’re saying a firm handshake is important, good eye contact, those show that I’m confident and then a friendly smile will show that I’m at ease and that I’m comfortable with my surroundings.

*to leave an impression (on someone): to provide a lasting memory for someone

at ease: without worry or anxiety

surroundings: environing things, circumstances, conditions; environment

M: Sure, and then maybe the last thing, remember people’s names.

W: Oh, right!

M: And when you say your name as well, project it loudly so they remember you.

W: But you know, there’s so many people that I have to meet. How do I remember all their names?

M: I think writing it down as soon as you can, at the earliest possible opportunity. But I think that’s about it. And I think you’ll be fine, Rachel.

 write something down: to make a note of something; to record something in writing

W: You think so? Alright, well I can’t wait to use that advice on my first day at my new company.

M: Fingers crossed.

W: Thank you.

*keep one’s fingers crossed: to wish someone luck; to hope for a good outcome for someone

Actual Interview

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZjPLx7Zne8NweNTErzxCqB7sRbwzQnuU3oX

(Interview: Talk About how you would introduce yourself at a new workplace)

Hello, everyone. My name is Peter Liptak and I’m looking forward to working with all of you here at EBS. As a new employee, I’m hoping to meet each and every one of you individually and get to know you, as well as get your feedback on what we could do to improve things here. As to (for) my background, I have a lot of experience in education and writing. I’ve worked in education for about twenty years: been a professor, a private instructor, and also, even a pre-school teacher, so I’m fairly well-rounded in that experience. As a professional writer, I’ve been working for many years with large conglomerates and some governmental organizations, as well as publishing books. I publish ESL books, children’s books and even books on Korea. Anyway, thank you all and please come and talk to me when you have a chance.
