---
title: "Actual English 20 - Food Poisoning & Indigestion"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZzXAx7ZzTtAInsS0SpxqEQyaODOfpQKa8nX)

M: I have a very appetizing conversation for you.

W: Alright, hit me.

M: Indigestion and food poisoning.

W: Oh, what a wonderfully delightful topic.

M: So let’s dive in. Have you ever gotten food poisoning?

W: Oh yes, yes. Here in Korea, I love eating raw fish, or hwe. I went and ate too much, or too much of the wrong thing and a few hours later on my way home back to Seoul…

M: (Did you) Start weaving?

W: (It) wasn’t the most pleasant of experiences.

M: When I think of food poisoning, I think of Thailand.

W: It’s shopper’s heaven and food lover’s heaven.

M: Yeah, I love the food in Thailand, but a couple of times I(’ve) made the mistake of getting a sandwich. And I guess the mayonnaise, maybe, was a little off. And I spent about three days… you know, projectile vomiting.

W: Oh, goodness me.

M: And sitting on a toilet and looking pale white at the beach. So much fun.

W: Oh, but if you’re feeling sick and nauseated, going out in the sun is not too good for you. You should stay indoors.

M: I didn't have a choice. We had a boat ride the next day. A long, eight-hour boat ride.

W: So what did you do to cure it?

M: Just grin and bear it.

W: Apparently, you should drink a lot of fluids.

M: Or prick your thumb.

W: My grandparents used to do that. When I was little, my grandmother would be like, “You have a sore tummy, come here.” She’d tie my finger with a string and she’d prick it.

appetizing: [ap-i-tayh-zing] syn. savory (appealing to or stimulating the appetite)

indigestion: [in-di-jes-chuh n, -dahy-] syn. upset stomach

mayonnaise: [mey-uh-neyz, mey-uh-neyz]

nauseated: [naw-zee-yet-id, -shee-] syn. sicken; feel queasy (to affect with nausea)

I ate too much, or ~.

I ate too much, or too fast.
I ate too much, or overly greasy foods.

I made the mistake of ~.

I made the mistake of not checking the expiration date (on the container).
I made the mistake of not putting the milk back in the fridge.

Actual Story

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZv7Ax7ZOtGmeaxez5V1j87PEy4vDFKW8bek
(Actual Interview Question: Talk about getting food poisoning or indigestion.)

What´s so funny is I'm very adventurous with food. I´ll pretty much try anything and if it’s weird, I definitely want to try to it! With the exception of, maybe like eating cockroaches in Southeast Asia, I think I would probably try anything. And the funny thing is, I went to the Philippines before and my friend and I, we ate exactly all the same thing except on the last night, she ordered lobster and I didn't. And that very night she got food poisoning and I didn't, so it was very funny that somehow I always managed to get away with not getting food poisoning. So I guess I'm kind of lucky in that way. But, in terms of indigestion, I do get indigestion a lot because I constantly eat spicy foods and I eat really quickly. And in Korea, there is this danger of going out and you have a really short lunch break, so eating quickly can be a really dangerous thing to do so don´t eat quickly!

I'm very adventurous with food.

I always managed to get away with not getting food poisoning.

I get indigestion a lot because I eat really quickly.

Eating quickly can be a really dangerous thing to do.
