---
title: "Acutal English 2 - Casual Setting, Socializing"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZgwLx7Z4oDTp41rSyHGp9izH8mSsuxtG3L7)

M: I was at a party the other day and it was so good, but there was this guy who **stuck out** in my mind. He was really awkward and standing in the corner. I felt really sorry for him. He **mumbled** when he was introducing himself. I think he was really uncomfortable about meeting new people in a **social setting**.
> stick out: to be very easily noticed (because of being different)
> mumble [v. muhm-buh l]: to speak in a low voice or by partially closing one’s mouth
> social setting: surrounding environment

W: Oh no. You know if I were him, I would prepare some questions, general questions beforehand.

M: Yeah, questions are easier.

W: Exactly, things like the weather. That’s always a **general topic** anybody can talk about.
> general questions or topics: those that are common to most people; usual

M: Everybody talks about the weather wherever you go. It’s **the topic of the day**, and maybe something to center around your hobbies as well. Like if you’re into sports, maybe ask people who look a bit sporty. “So, did you see the game last night?”
> the topic of the day: a subject of conversation; largely discussed topic

W: Yeah that’s true, because you want to find out similarities between the person you’re meeting for the first time, so you can **delve into** deeper conversations and get to know each other.
> delve [v. delv] into ~: to examine or study something carefully.

M: But **stay off** some sensitive topics, because then you can hit an awkward moment.
> stay off: keep from entering or walking onto

W: Religion and politics?

M: Absolutely, and don’t **go too deep**. Don’t start **waffling on about** your interests when the other person just doesn’t care.
> go deep: go beyond a limit, go overboard
> waffle [v. wof-uhl] about ~: to be indecisive; babble, ramble, talk foolishly

W: And you have to pick up on those cues to know when this person is disinterested.

M: Yes and one sign is when he turns his back to you.

W: That’s definitely true, that is a very **frank** way to show they’re not interested.
> frank: honest, direct, straightforward

M: Well maybe when I see this guy next time. I’m going to tell him these great tips, Rachel.

## Actual Interview
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZIwLx7ZrgCYDKOJ0cSTiF4xohmpeYQH2hTk)

(Interview: Talk about how you would introduce yourself at a social gathering)

Hey, nice to meet you. My name is Peter and I’m from Minneapolis, Minnesota. I’ve been here in Korea for a long time now and really enjoy it. It’s a great place to live and work.

As far as my hobbies go, I really enjoy going to the movies; I’m a big movie buff. And even though I love to catch all the movies when they’re out in the theater, as a father of young children, I don’t really have much time to these days. I also enjoy dancing. I used to be a dance instructor, so whenever I can, I go dancing – hit the town. And I love to exercise, so I’m into running and biking and swimming. I do some triathlons, the occasional marathon and even an ultra-marathon from time to time.

Hopefully, I’ll get to learn more about you.
