---
title: "Actual English 21: Diet"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZkuMl7ZP9hsPfLUWM0jKyk6TM1YMzRQgg2X)

M: My wife is always stressing about her weight and many girls I know are on a constant diet. Is that the same with you?

W: I try to be healthy all year round. I tend to stay away from processed foods and white foods as in white rice, white sugar. In that sense, I don’t know if you would call that a diet.

M: A lifestyle change is a better thing, I think. All these crash diets that you do for like a month or two months and then you yo-yo. Your weight goes up and down. They’re really bad for you. But changing your lifestyle, that’s the kind of approach I take as well. Lots of fruit and veg, a balanced diet… we don’t eat too much red meat, because there are more and more studies coming out that says it’s not so good for you, so maybe once or twice a week.

W: I love meat and like you, I eat lots of fruits and vegetables as well, but I also have to eat lots of meat and I don’t think I can ever be a vegetarian.

M: No, it’s too delicious; there is no other food that has that texture as well, right? And I think you get more stressed if you avoid the foods you like, so even a little bit of junk food every now and then.

W: I think everything in moderation is key. So I’m a big advocate of being able to eat whatever you want as long as it’s in moderation.

M: Sure, but sometimes I get confused about what moderation is like. How often are you allowed to eat junk food? The kind of information you get from the news and stuff is varying so, I’m not too sure. But one thing I never skip is breakfast, my favorite meal of the day.

W: I love having breakfast, especially for dinner.

M: Breakfast at any time of the day is fantastic.




processed: [pros-es; British proh-ses]   syn. treated, prepared        (to prepare by some particular process, as in manufacturing)

vegetarian: [vej-i-tair-ee-uh n]      syn. vegan                     (a vegetarian who omits all animal products from the diet.)                  

texture: [teks-cher]                                               (surface, sense of touch / feel)

advocate: [n. ad-vuh-kit]  syn. supporter, proponent, promoter     (to speak in favor of; support)

stress about

It’s not good to stress about the little things.
He always stresses about gaining weight.

stay away from ~

I try to stay away from salty foods.
I have been staying away from meats for two months.

I love having ~ for breakfast / lunch / brunch / dinner.

I love having a sandwich and yogurt for lunch.
I love having steak and eggs for breakfast.

 




Actual Story

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZEuMl7ZufWqAl1IsnRBeOl73IBrFY72MFHV

(Actual Interview Question: Talk about the kind of diet you keep.)

Maintaining a healthy diet? What do I do?

Well, I think first of all, don't skip any meals.

Number one - breakfast, lunch and dinner but breakfast most of all that’s a meal you do not want to skip. I wake up every morning no matter how busy my schedule gets I try to tell myself, "You’ve got to get breakfast in." So I try to have a big breakfast and the rest of the meals I can go a little bit light and I know it’s going to be okay. I think, maintaining a good diet is, you’ve got to know what your focus is, is it just losing weight or is it just becoming a healthier person? Because first of all, losing weight isn't just always a good thing. If you're going to do it, you’ve gotta do it in healthy way. I've done diets where I've taken all the dairy, carbs, salts, sugars, all out of my diet but I realized, “Yeah I did lose a lot of weight.”, I started to look cut and but it wasn't really health for me. It’s good to have a good balance of all things, vitamins’ the right kind of fats, just the whole range. You want to make sure you have a balanced meal, and if you do that you're going to feel good, you’re going to feel happy and you’re going to look great. So try (and) keep it balanced.

 

I think first of all, don't skip any meals.

I try to have a big breakfast.

You’ve got to know what your focus is, is it just losing weight or is it just becoming a healthier person?

 If you're going to do it, you’ve got to do it in healthy way.
