---
title: "Actual English 8 – University and Job Preparations"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ8z4x7Z7cnjgyUEhXp8Fde4h0T2h8RyrnBV)

M: Rachel what did you major in at university?

W: I studied Political Science and History, in the Humanities.

M: Wow that sounds intelligent… and difficult.

W: It was really fun.

M: Really?! Political Science and History?

W: That’s why I studied it, because I liked it.

M: That’s why I chose my major as well, Biological Sciences. But it got so difficult; I actually despised it by the end of my course.

W: So you took a different career path, I see.

M: For sure, yeah. I wanted nothing to do with biology after I finished my course. But is your career linked to your degree?

W: Yeah, a little bit. I mean, I am studying political science further right now, so that I can reach my end goal, which is to work for a development organization, some kind of humanitarian relief effort organization. In college, during the semester I studied a lot. I did party a lot, too. You know, they say if you study hard, you can play hard, so that’s what I did.

M: You shouldn’t just play hard.

W: And in the summer vacation times, I did internships and it was really helpful.

M: Ok, well, the last question. Is there anything you regret about university?

W: If I had to say one thing, I would say that I regret not studying more. I wasn’t super studious, but I wish that I had taken everything that I could from my classes… really **soak up** my brain. But there were times where I liked the fun, college aspect more, so I would **slack off**.

> soak up     (absorb; take in, devote (oneself) fully to - He immersed himself into his studies)

> slack off    (to become lazy or inefficient)

M: That’s okay. And like we know, it is never too late to study, Rachel. And you’re still studying today.

W: I am. It’s never too late to learn.


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZbz4x7Z0OmghKEtRYhIsb67wHnFIks2cdYV)

(Actual Interview Question: Describe yourself in university and what you did or didn’t do to prepare for a job.)

As I mentioned earlier, I regretted my middle school and high school life. So when I entered university, I decided to change a little bit.
So I started studying really hard and also made new people.
So I ended up becoming a student representative in my department and also a president of school union clubs which have more than three thousand members.
And also I had to think about my future career. So I moved to America and worked in a hotel, because I was always interested in becoming… working in the hospitality industry.
So I worked there and with the money I made there, I traveled a lot because I love travelling.
So, I had great experience and also it was a good opportunity to meet new people and to know other cultures.
So when I look back on my college time, then I would say it was quite a happy time… Happy moment.
