---
title: "Actual English 19 - Eating In & Eating Out"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZYoIx7ZnKbA8h8fjwjT4mg3SMbJOSfYiAw7)
Reference: http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/

M: Do you eat in more or eat out more?

W: Since arriving in Korea, eating out has become a habit of mine. I really don’t have time to cook. I don’t have the energy. And once you walk outside the door of your house, there are so many things to choose from. So why bother cooking?

M: I used to eat out constantly in Korea, because it’s so easy here. The food’s good, there are so many choices… and there’s no tipping.

W: Oh yeah, it’s not compulsory. (required, mandatory)

M: Yeah, which helps a lot with the bill! Oh, you have to tip for everything in America.

W: Oh, really. 10 percent, 15, 20?

M: No, 18.

W: 18 percent?!

M: Yeah. And then there’s tax on top of everything too.

W: What if it’s bad service? You still have to tip?

M: It depends on the situation.

W: The tipping situation in Korea is quite good. And if you don’t want to step outside the home, you can get everything delivered.

M: You can get an awful lot delivered. You know they don’t deliver fast food in America, but they do in Korea. It’s kind of wonderful and horrible at the same time.

W: That’s exactly right! Do you get those coupon booklets delivered to you?

M: Coupon booklets?

W: Yeah, I get that delivered to my house and it’s my worst nightmare. They have seasonal menus and they have different things to choose from.

M: Oh, ok.

W: So I’m sitting at home flipping through the booklet; I’m going, “Ok, I think I want chicken…”

M: “Oh, I want that… I want that…” oh, ok. So you order three things from three different restaurants.

W: Exactly, and have them delivered all at the same time.

M: Let’s order something right now.

compulsory: [kuh m-puhl-suh-ree] syn. mandatory, obligatory (required by laws or rules)

booklet: [boo k-lit] syn. brochure, leaflet, pamphlet (little book, especially one with paper covers; pamphlet)

seasonal: [see-zuh-nl] (pertaining to some particular season)

You have to / don’t have to tip for ~.

You have to tip (the concierge) for a simple restaurant recommendation.

(but if the concierge gets you a table at a fully booked restaurant, it’s nice to be more generous)

You don’t have to tip for deliveries.

There is / are ~ on top of everything (else).

There are concerns about money ~ on top of everything.
There are problems at home on top of everything else.




flip through ~

My niece likes to flip through the (TV) channels.
(Since I don’t have time) I’m going to flip through the book.




Actual Story

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZhoIx7Z0EvuXNvo3BRUUcTWzv48wkySgdSX
(Actual Interview Question: Talk as much about eating in vs. eating out.)

At one point in my life, I was eating out three meals a day. And I'm originally from New York City so you live this very busy life and in Seoul as well. So especially in New York, I would have a bagel and a coffee in the morning on the go, (you) have a salad for lunch, (you) have a slice of pizza for dinner. You get used to going out and eating all the time. I think that kind of trend has followed in my life, especially in Seoul because eating out is so cheap, it´s really delicious, it´s quick, it’s efficient. I remember I was always sick so my friend was saying to me, you have to look at what you're eating and how that´s effecting you. So he asked me one day to write down a list of everything I ate and he said, “This is why you're sick all the time because you never ever eat at home”. And he said, you know, even though these restaurant foods might taste delicious, you have to remember that they're not putting wholesome ingredients in it all the time and you have to vary eating at home and eating out. So I try to, at least, have breakfast or dinner at home from time to time even though it can be quite difficult.




At one point in my life, I was eating out three meals a day.

In New York, I would have a bagel and a coffee in the morning on the go.

Eating out is so cheap, it´s really delicious, it´s quick, it’s efficient.

I try to, at least, have breakfast or dinner at home from time to time.
