---
title: "Actual English 22: Exercising"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZkuMl7ZP9hsPfLUWM0jKyk6TM1YMzRQgg2X)

Actual Talk

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ5fMl7ZTYB0qR0iE6jVykthQpoe2pyrAD3X

W:       So Peter, what do you like to do for fun?

M:       For fun, I’m a massive fan of football.

W:       Playing or watching?

M:       Playing, watching, studying, reading about, playing computer games, I do everything. But playing the game itself outdoors in the open on a grass field, it’s the best.

W:       So you’re talking about soccer?

M:       Where I’m from, Britain, we call football that you play with your feet, football and American football, American football. I love exercising; it doesn’t even feel like exercising when you love what you do. I’m not a big fan of the gym. But what about yourself, Rachel? You play sports? I remember you saying, or you used to.

W:        I used to play sports. I’m kind of a gym rat, so I do like going to the gym. Something about exercising makes me feel very relaxed, and also at the end of a really intense workout I just feel so good. And I really love that feeling, so I work my butt off and in the end I’m very happy about it.

M:        It’s good for your body. But I really don’t like being confined inside four walls. I want to be outside, breathing in fresh air. But these days it’s hard in a big city.

W:        Yes, and because of the pollution it’s not very good for you to run outside. But it’s nice to go hiking and running. But I also like to do yoga and Pilates and I just started that.

M:       That’s a varied exercise regime you got there.

W:       Exercises like Pilates and yoga is (are) more of a breathing and meditation kind of exercise. It relaxes you while simultaneously stretching your muscles and making you lean. (occurring / existing at the same time)

M:       I’m going to have to give that a try.

W:       You should definitely do it. It’ll be good for you.




Britain: [brit-n]

confined: [saw-tey]   syn. fenced in, penned, jailed                      (limited, restricted)

breathe: [breeth]    syn. inhale, exhale

Pilates: [pi-lah-teez]      (low-impact exercises and stretches, often performed on specialized equipment.- stretch, lengthen muscles)

simultaneous: [sahy-muh l-tey-nee-uh s]    syn. concurrent, accompanying, coexisting  (happening at the same time)

Something about ~ makes me feel ~.

Something about drinking lots of water makes me feel healthy.
Something about her makes me feel uncomfortable.

I work my butt off ~.

I work my butt off at the gym 5 days a week.
I worked my butt off to get a promotion.







Actual Story

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZFfMl7ZkOR2mrJ6aOQxMMXTMUON0Jhe5Swy

(Actual Interview Question: Talk about how you work out.)

When it comes to staying fit and healthy you got to work out, and you know what? I love working out. There are so many different exercises out there but personally for me, I like to wake up in the morning, nice and early, hit the gym, do my weights and go for a swim. You know I love swimming because one, it’s a great way to do cardio but two, when you hit that water it’s so silent, when your heads under that water and I just know, not only am I’m getting fit but I’m also relieving stress at the same time. In the same way I guess, if you’re gonna look for a way to work out you should find something you enjoy. I know a few friends of mine love rock climbing, I've gone with them and it’s great but personally it wasn't the thing for me. So I try to find the things that I enjoy and keeps me fit. When it comes to doing weight lifting, for instance, I like to work on my biceps, my triceps, my chest, my legs, my back, my abs, while other people may enjoy working other parts of their body, I have my own favorites. In the same way I think maintaining a balanced training can also keep you healthy and fit.

 

I like to wake up in the morning, nice and early, hit the gym, do my weights and go for a swim.

I love swimming because it’s a great way to do cardio.

 I try to find the things that I enjoy.

 When it comes to doing weight lifting, I like to work on my biceps, my triceps, my chest, my legs, my back, my abs.
