---
title: "Actual English 5 - Family"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZXy4x7Za0XBQ7gX1Fm1lSt7iHKeyhLQhSek)

M: Rachel, how was your trip to the States?

W: It was amazing. I got to see and spend time with my family. I’m really close to my **immediate family** and my **extended family**.
> **immediate family**: one’s parents, siblings, spouse, children

> **extended family**: grandparents, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews

M: Both of them?

W: Yeah, they all live over in the States so it was just great to have a family reunion and to get together.

M: You must miss them, living so far away from them.

W: I do. And after this recent trip I realized **the value of family** even more. It was **bittersweet** saying farewell to them when I was coming back here to Korea.
> **the value of family**: the importance of family

> **bittersweet**: both pleasant and painful or regretful

M: That sounds sad.

W: I’m really close to my sister. She’s like my best friend so it was really great to see her and at the same time it was so sad to know that I was going to leave her again.

M: That is bittersweet. It’s the same for me, because my immediate family, my mother and father, they live in London, which is miles away. We’re really **close-knit** as well like a typical Korean mum. London, it’s really difficult for her, so I do miss them.

> **close-knit**: very tight, very close (as in a relationship)

W: Now that you have a son and your wife, do things on family change for you? Like perspective on family?

M: Yeah, it’s really strange, because now I have my own little family. And then above me is my mum and dad so I’m a bit confused, because I only had my baby recently, but I think it turns into a bigger **network** and there’s just more family to love.

> **network**: a group of related things or people

W: And it’s important for your grandchildren to have good relationships with their grandparents. It’s connecting those generations. You know what they say, **blood is thicker than water**.

> **blood is thicker than water**: people who are related have stronger obligations and feelings towards each other.
> blood runs thicker than water

M: **Literally**. So never forget about your family. Don’t take them for granted.

> **literally**: word for word; actually


## Actual Interview
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZFy4x7Z7gtaNEUJVrVT7tUnvWmrAp1ToD7V)

(Interview: Talk about your family and how close you are)

I love to talk about my family! I have a great extended family with aunts and uncles and cousins spread out all over the world.

My mom is **the oldest of eight** so she had lots of brothers and sisters… we try to get together once in a while and keep in touch over Skype or some other internet means.

But the real joy of my life is my immediate family with my twin boys and my beautiful wife.

So I do everything I can to get out of work quick and go spend time with them… and just enjoy family life.
