---
title: "Actual English 23: Injuries"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](
https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ9fMl7ZaYAoypHas3HaM04m2y7iobxDju27)

W:       Peter, I was wondering if you’ve ever gotten a sports injury from playing soccer.

M:        Well, I think I’ve been really lucky. I’ve never had any major injuries. No breaks or tears of muscles, but I have had countless sprained ankles, bruised or stubbed toes. They are really painful.

W:       They’re the worst because you’re constantly in pain and when you’re healed, you get them again.

M:       Repetitive injuries and things like that, but they don’t last too long. They don’t keep you out of the game. So I think warming up really helps. You stretch out your muscles before you play the game and then you get much fewer injuries. But what about you, Rachel? When you were playing hockey did you have any horror stories?

W:       There was one time where I got hit in the eye, not with a ball but with a field hockey stick.

M:       Deliberately?

W:        Not deliberately, I think the player lifted her stick too high and hit me, but they never stopped the game. So I was waving to my coach, “Get me off the field!” and I was bleeding at that point. I went to the hospital and I had to get stitches, but I didn’t get any bruising. So it hurt, but people didn’t really sympathize, because it didn’t look that painful.

M:       But that’s an unavoidable injury.

W:       That’s right, so like you said. To prevent injuries I stretch a lot and I make sure to stay hydrated. I drink lots of water when I’m out in the sun and playing sports, because that’s really important. If you are dehydrated you could easily pass out on the field.

M:       That’s right. In the peak of the summer months, when its 30 plus degrees. You should take regular breaks as well even if you are playing a long game.

W:       Do you ice your injuries? What do you do to make them better?

M:       As soon as you get a sprained ankle, you should raise it and ice it and then the swelling really goes down.


injury: [in-juh-ree]

repetitive: [ri-pet-i-tiv]   syn. constant; boring; repeated

(something that happens over and over again – to a point it’s dull and boring)

deliberately: [dih-lib-er-it-ly]    syn. intentionally; purposely

(to do something after careful planning - deliberate lie)

sympathize: [sim-puh-thahyz]    syn. relate to; share another’s sorrow; understand; condole

(share in a feeling / to feel a compassionate sympathy, as for suffering or trouble – often followed by with)

dehydrate: [dee-hahy-dreyt]    syn. dry out, dry, evaporate, drain  (to deprive of water – remove / lose or cause to lose water)

get hit in the ~ with ~.

I got hit in the head with a soccer ball.
I got hit in the back with a shoe.

get stitches

I got stitches above my eyebrow.
I got 12 stitches under my chin.
If the cut isn’t deep, you don’t need to get stitches.



## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZgfMl7ZxLR6lg7OTS5h2iFePkKBTFprssp7)

(Actual Interview Question: Did you ever get injured? If so, how and why?)

Injuries, you’ve got to watch out for them. I remember warming up and cooling down… it was something I didn't like doing. I didn't like stretching when I was young so when my coaches were like, "David, you have to stretch." I was always a little, "Aw, I don't want to do it" but then after I got injured a few times, sprained my ankle, paid the price, I realized, “Man, it is so important to stretch.” I still remember... you know I’m not going to lie, even today I'm older but I’ll hit the gym and I just want to hit the weights straight away. I forget to do my stretches and straight away I feel the strain in my arm and my back and I realize, "You know what? I got to take a step back, do my stretches and then work out." And you know another way to avoid injury is make sure the area is clear. Make sure there is nothing in the way. I remember when I was doing long jump when I was younger, I forgot to look at the ground and I didn't realize that the grass was slightly wet. I went to jump, I slipped, hurt my knee and you know what it hurt a lot and I paid the price. I should have checked it out first. So whenever you're going to do something active, make sure you check the area out first.
