---
title: "Actual English 10 – After Retirement"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZkB4x7ZSWPVbwrE6tjEPrO7erppmmW4knpk)

M: Rachel, a bit of a deep question. Where do you **see yourself** in 30 to 40 years?

> see oneself                 (picture oneself / imagine one’s life to be like)

W: Wow, that is a very profound question! If I had to think about it quickly, I see myself with my husband and grandchildren running around in my large backyard. Have you thought about this question?

M: 30 to 40 years… Well, I hope I’m retired. I really hope I’m not still working at that age, but **at this rate** I don’t really plan for the future financially. I may still have to be **working into my 70s and 80s**.

> at any rate      (anyway, anyhow, in any case)

> work into one’s ~s      (work until a certain age)

W: Oh, no. You should just start saving now.

M: Yes, okay. Better late than never, right? How about you, do you plan for your retirement in the financial sense?

W: I haven’t, actually. But right now as I’m preparing for my wedding, I am thinking a lot about finances. And I’m thinking about making a joint account with my future husband. And I think from there, we’ll **branch out** and think about savings, and retirement funds, pensions and stuff like that.

> branch out (into something)    to expand away from something; to diversify away from narrower interests

M: That’s so complicated, right?

W: It is complicated.

M: When you’re young, in your twenties and thirties, that seems like another lifetime away.

W: It does, but it’s not, to be honest.

M: Not at all, in another thirty, forty years we’ll be sitting here frail and old and thinking we should’ve started saving earlier.

W: But it’s ok, because money isn’t everything. When I’m retired I wouldn’t mind living in some remote country and volunteering and working, living at a place where it’s not so expensive to live.

M: Sure, like you said, a nice big backyard, like a big nice house and maybe where your grandkids and come and play.

W: Right exactly, are you grandparents or your parents like that? Do they relax a lot right now?

M: No. My father still works. He’s very old now, but he’s still working, so I guess that’s my anti-role model. I don’t want to be like him, but I hope that we’re both, at least, living and healthy in thirty to forty years.


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZbB4x7ZrdztlJnAer0JuV6neRoqQXgMPhdX)

(Actual Interview Question: How you would like to live your life after retirement? How do you see yourself in 30 to 40 years?)

I guess I will be working even in my 70s and 80s because I want to work until I die. Because, I want to be productive and energetic even when I’m in my 70s and 80s. I guess that’s the key of living young for a long time, I guess. And also when I get old, I want to travel with my then husband because I love traveling and my dream is to travel all around the world. It would be so nice to, you know, see other people and meet other cultures as well. And yeah, that’ll be so nice.

And, well, to be honest, I didn’t really think about my future as a long term in details because you know you can’t really predict your life, your future. I think it’s the beauty of life. So, well, I try to enjoy every single moment.
