---
title: "Actual English 12 - Eating Habits"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZknQx7ZJdxhVRw79dyIaWjueq9IOm9Ilep7)

M: Joanne, I am so hungry.

W: Oh, same here.

M: Do you want to go get something to eat after this?

W: Yeah, definitely. What should we go get?

M: Something healthy?

W: I’ve been snacking so much these days. What would be a healthy option?

M: A healthy option? Bibimbab is pretty good.

W: Ahh, bibimbab. But I’m **craving** meat right now.

> crave: [kreyv]  syn. to hunger for             (to want greatly; desire eagerly)

M: They put some meat in the bibimbab.

W: A little bit of meat in the bibimbab… I like fried egg on my bibimbab, too.

M: What are your eating habits?

W: I tend to **binge** eat, which is the worst thing you can do. And because of my work schedule, I binge at around 11 o’clock at night. I’ve been putting on so much weight these days.

> binge: [binj]  syn. spree                     (a bout of excessive eating or drinking; excessive indulgence in anything)

M: I tend to forget to eat when I’m working. If I’m focused on something, I’ll **go for hours and hours** and then suddenly realize, when my stomach is **grumbling**, that I haven’t eaten.

> grumble: [gruhm-buh l]  syn. to complain    (to make low rumbling sounds, growl; complain in a nagging way)

W: Oh, your biological clock is like, “Oh, I’m hungry.”

M: And then go out and eat.

W: I can’t function when I don’t eat. So I tend to snack during the day; I tend to eat a lot of chocolate bars to keep my energy levels up, which is not good for you.

M: What about breakfast? They say the foundation for a healthy diet is eating a good breakfast.

W: I know the foundation is a good breakfast, but I tend to skip breakfast, which is bad. I tend to catch up on my sleep during the early morning hours so I miss out on breakfast. I skip (on) lunch because I’m so busy and then I eat dinner, after work.

M: OK, let’s get you some healthy food right away.

W: Alright, thank you.


## Actual Story
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZJnQx7ZhQYVVMWRtpQmYmkItS5g7RczPLoX)

(Actual Interview Question: What are some of your eating habits?)

I would say that I am a healthy eater. I like to eat lots of fruits and vegetables. I also like to eat meat. I am doing this new thing right now where I am juicing my dinners. Basically I’m substituting my dinner meal for a juice that has vegetables and fruits and this is really for health reasons. I’m trying to get as much micronutrients as I can and that is basically from the raw source of fruits and vegetables.

But I do have a sweet tooth. I love to **pig out** on fried chicken, and ice cream and cake.

> pig out: to eat too much or a lot of food

I really do love those sweet foods or the fried foods that are so unhealthy for you. But overall I would say I am a healthy eater. I also like to try lots of variety of foods from Thai food to Indian food. I love Korean food and I love… I love eating in general. But overall I would say I am a healthy eater. I have a very healthy diet. I always eat breakfast, lunch and dinner as well. Breakfast is really important for me.
