---
title: "Actual English 9 – Dating and Marriage"
categories:
    - English
tags:
    - English
    - ActualEnglish
toc: true
---

[Reference: EBS ActualEnglish](http://home.ebse.co.kr/actualenglish/)

## Actual Talk!
[Audio](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ6R4x7ZPH5HvYhwz0z4Nq2oq7bYvSXPptDX)

M: So Rachel, I hear you’re getting married soon?

W: I am.

M: Amazing! Did you always plan to get married?

W: No, I never thought I was going to get married at this age, but I was also never the type to plan out my life… when I’m going to meet my future husband and when we’re going to get married or I’m going to have kids. I just **let nature take its course**, and it worked out the way it did.

> let nature take its course: to allow someone or something to live or die naturally. to allow something to happen naturally

M: I think its best just to see how it goes.

W: Did you have a time frame? Did you know you were going to get married at this age and have kids at this age?

M: If I’m honest, then yes because I kind of planned what age I’d get married and what age I’d have a kid. It was 28 getting married, 29 to have a kid and so before 30, I would have a family. And it actually worked out that way.

W: Congratulations!

M: But as I got older, I forgot about that and I just kind of dated… I met a **fair share** of girls, but not too many. But dating was really **hit and miss**. There were some good experiences, some terrible experiences. Once you’re married it’s kind of like a safe haven.

> fair share: the amount of something that one is due relative to what other people are receiving

> hit and miss / hit or miss: carelessly; aimlessly; without plan or direction

W: That’s true. For me, I was kind of **carefree** about dating. But I did think seriously about dating in the sense that I wasn’t just going to date anybody. If I was going to date someone, it would have to be with the thought of, “Do I have a future with this person?” So that’s the way I looked upon dating. I thought seriously about it before I jumped into a relationship.

> carefree: free of worries and responsibilities

M: You just dated the special ones and it’s worked out well and I’m sure as a marriage senior you’re going to love it.

W: I look forward to it.


## Actual Story

https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZYh4x7Z2ErcIHro2U5rgRfIobrbt7TQA80k

(Actual Interview Question: What was dating like in your 20s and 30s? And what is marriage like?)

I used to like good-looking guy when I was in my early 20s. But you know, I don’t mean that good looking is just appearance and tall, being tall but also the face expressions and impressions and also the way they talk and act. And I guess, as I grow old, personality is more important because that can actually affect your relationship. You know, I’m looking for someone who can grow old with. And when I get married and have a family, then I’ll try really hard to have a really good family and take care of them. Because I guess having a good family can boost your career and other parts of life. So I would say having a good family can be number one priority. So I would do anything to keep my family happy.
